My Color Picker program uses Tkinter to create a small window where the user can paste the url of an image. This image is downloaded and thumbnailed to fit in the window, where the user can then click on the small image to display the hexcode and rgb value of the pixel selected.

Starting in the main function, I create the root and canvas (C) where our color picker program will live. It took me a while to understand the syntax for this library, but I believe it turned out well! There is a line of text prompting the url entry. To make sure the image fit in the window, I was required to thumbnail it, but that posed other issues with separating the original image from the thumbnailed one. I had to create an empty dictionary which would then add the original image to the dictionary as "thumbnail" so it could be resized as a separate thing from the original.

This would only occur after clicking the "Open" button after entering the url, so that the open_img function could be called. The img_label was the color that was displayed after the click, which was called an event or "e". In the on_click function, it starts by deleting the img_label so that multiple colors can be displayed as the user clicks many times. There was a bit of a workaround solution, as I'm sure there is a more efficient way of implementing it; ensuring the mouse was clicked inside the thumbnailed image, the program gathers the pixel's color information and displays it accordingly.

Throughout the program, I have some print statements that work to debug the code while letting it run. I realize in hindsight, it would most likely benefit me to have been using comments throughout my code. It is definitely the one thing I kept forgetting about throughout this course.
